Added Standalone documentation (#779)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: provisioning/standalone/docs/example.md

# Example

In this example, we are going to learn how to deploy a simple echo server using **golang**, which will answer to a **GET HTTP request** with a predefined message.

### Create the server

> Create a **main.go** file which will contain the source code of the server and **copy/paste** the following code inside **main.go**

Reviewer: Should add a brief description about what the code does.

Author: I commented the code, do you think could be enough?

Reviewer: I would personally write something like this:

```suggestion
Create a **main.go** file with the following content to implement a simple HTTP server:
```

As for the comments, you should leave a space after `//`

```go
import (
	"fmt"
	"net/http"
	"os"
)

func hello(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
	fmt.Fprintf(w, "Hello!\n")
}

func main() {
	port := os.Args[1]
	basepath := os.Args[2]
	http.HandleFunc(fmt.Sprintf("%s/", basepath), hello)

> 	err := http.ListenAndServe(fmt.Sprintf("0.0.0.0:%s", port), nil)
> 	if err != nil {
> 		fmt.Println(err)
> 	}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	panic(http.ListenAndServe(fmt.Sprintf("0.0.0.0:%s", port), nil))
```

Should do the trick, while being shorter.

}
```

Let's test it by running it with `go run 8888 /hello`.

In the meanwhile open another terminal and launch the command `curl localhost:8888/hello`, and you will get `Hello!` as response.

### Build the container

> Let's create a **Dockerfile** ` and **copy/paste** the following code inside of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create a **Dockerfile**, and **copy/paste** the following code inside of it.
```

Should add a brief description about what the Dockerfile does, otherwise a reader would not know what to pay attention to.

Author: I added some comments in the Dockerfile, tell me if it's clear and enough.

Reviewer: I would personally write something like:

```
Let's create a **Dockerfile** to build and package the HTTP server, and **copy/paste** the following code inside of it.
```

```dockerfile
FROM golang:1.18
ENV CROWNLABS_LISTEN_PORT=8888
ENV CROWNLABS_BASE_PATH=/basepath
COPY main.go main.go
RUN go build main.go
RUN useradd -ms /bin/bash myuser
USER myuser

> CMD exec ./main ${CROWNLABS_LISTEN_PORT} ${CROWNLABS_BASE_PATH}

Reviewer: To achieve smaller images (avoiding multi-stage builds), you could build the executable in the local machine and then copy only that in the docker. That is what many projects do after all.

```

Build the container with `docker build -t ${YOUR_DOCKERHUB_USERNAME}/echotest` and push it on **DockerHub** with `docker push ${YOUR_DOCKERHUB_USERNAME}/echotest`.

### Create the template

Create a file called **template.yaml** and **copy/paste** the following code:

```yaml
apiVersion: crownlabs.polito.it/v1alpha2
kind: Template
metadata:
    name: echotest
    namespace: workspace-sid # a workspace where you have the permission to create templates
spec:
    deleteAfter: never
    description: An http server used for testing
    environmentList:
        - environmentType: Standalone
          guiEnabled: true
          image: YOUR_DOCKERHUB_USERNAME/echotest
          mode: Standard
          name: default
          persistent: false
          resources:
              cpu: 1
              memory: 1000M
              reservedCPUPercentage: 50
          rewriteURL: false
    prettyName: Echo HTTP Server
    workspace.crownlabs.polito.it/WorkspaceRef:
        name: sid # choosen workspace name
```

And **apply** it with `kubectl apply -f template.yaml`

### Create an instance and try it

> Open **CrownLabs dashboard** and create a new instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the **CrownLabs dashboard** and create a new instance.
```

<img align="left" src="./img.png">
<br clear="left"/>

> <br clear="left"/>

Reviewer: Is it there any reason for not using the standard markdown syntax?

Author: I did it to justify the image on the left, I cannot find another solution.

Reviewer: I would personally favor simplicity using the standard approach.

Author: Ok 👍

### Build the container

Let's create a **Dockerfile**, and **copy/paste** the following code inside of it.
**Important parts have been commented**.

> ```Dockerfile

Reviewer: Should be deleted, as duplicated
